it's a dream come true it's the moment
you've always been waiting for
[Music]
it's not another team movie prepare
yourself for a movie that goes where
every other team movie has gone before I
heard that some undercover reporter
poses as a high school student do either
of you know where mr. Keller's English
classes only further so you at our
practice and I know you saw our routine
we've always done are those years well
then you better bring it Lum BIA
pictures proudly present popular JA the
token black guy I'm just supposed to
smile stay out of the conversation and
say things like dance and bad is the
cruelest girl in school I've never even
been kissed close your eyes and wet your
lips are you for real
oh that is whack like scary movie who
gives a damn damn
Not Another Teen Movie what guys names
going on in here we were just sitting
here I don't want to hear it mister you
just bought yourself another detention
that's not fair just got another good
you through no that's another one so you
just say the word I'll keep going go
eenie meenie miney moe your cousin was a
ho he was a famous clown Bobo I confused
shut your hole Wang Chung
[Music]